C++ example section (#593)
open-mmlab/mmocr: docs/deployment.md

- All ONNX and TensorRT models are evaluated with dynamic shapes on the datasets, and images are preprocessed according to the original config file.
- This tool is still experimental, and we only support a subset of detection and recognition algorithms for now.
:::

## C++ Inference example with OpenCV
The example below is tested with Visual Studio 2019 as console application, CPU inference only.

> **Prerequisites**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites

```

Author: Ok, good

1. Project should use OpenCV (tested with version 4.5.4), ONNX Runtime NuGet package (version 1.9.0).

> 2. It's needed to export downloaded (`pth`) Dbnet_r18 detector and Starn_small recognizer models with the following python commands (adjust your paths):
> - `python3.9 ../mmocr/tools/deployment/pytorch2onnx.py --verify --output-file detector.onnx ../mmocr/configs/textdet/dbnet/dbnet_r18_fpnc_1200e_icdar2015.py ./dbnet_r18_fpnc_sbn_1200e_icdar2015_20210329-ba3ab597.pth --dynamic-export det ./sample_big_image_eg_1920x1080.png`
> - `../mmocr/tools/deployment/pytorch2onnx.py --opset 14 --verify --output-file recognizer.onnx ../mmocr/configs/textrecog/satrn/satrn_small.py ./satrn_small_20211009-2cf13355.pth recog ./sample_small_image_eg_200x50.png`

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
2. Download *DBNet_r18* detector and *SATRN_small* recognizer models from our [Model Zoo](modelzoo.md), and export them with the following python commands (you may change the paths accordingly):

```bash
python3.9 ../mmocr/tools/deployment/pytorch2onnx.py --verify --output-file detector.onnx ../mmocr/configs/textdet/dbnet/dbnet_r18_fpnc_1200e_icdar2015.py ./dbnet_r18_fpnc_sbn_1200e_icdar2015_20210329-ba3ab597.pth --dynamic-export det ./sample_big_image_eg_1920x1080.png

python3.9 ../mmocr/tools/deployment/pytorch2onnx.py --opset 14 --verify --output-file recognizer.onnx ../mmocr/configs/textrecog/satrn/satrn_small.py ./satrn_small_20211009-2cf13355.pth recog ./sample_small_image_eg_200x50.png
```
``````

Author: Ok, fine

> > Be aware, while exported `detector.onnx` file is relatively small (about 50 Mb), `recognizer.onnx` is pretty big (more than 600 Mb). Also, Dbnet_r18 can use ONNX opset 11, Satrn_small can be exported with opset 14. 
> 
> *Be sure, that verifications of both models are successful - look through the export messages*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::{note}
- Be aware, while exported `detector.onnx` file is relatively small (about 50 Mb), `recognizer.onnx` is pretty big (more than 600 Mb).
- *DBNet_r18* can use ONNX opset 11, *SATRN_small* can be exported with opset 14. 
:::

:::{warning}
Be sure, that verifications of both models are successful - look through the export messages.
:::
```

Author: Ok, nice :)

> 3. Example usage of exported models with C++ is in the code below (don't forget to change paths to \*.onnx files). It's applicable to these two models only, other models have another preprocessing and postprocessing logics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example
Example usage of exported models with C++ is in the code below (don't forget to change paths to \*.onnx files). It's applicable to these two models only, other models have another preprocessing and postprocessing logics.
```

Author: Ok, thanks

	const int width = 1312, height = 736;	
	
	cv::Rect expand_box(const cv::Rect& original, int addition = 5) {
		cv::Rect box(original);
		box.x = std::max(0, box.x - addition);
		box.y = std::max(0, box.y - addition);
		box.width = (box.x + box.width + addition * 2 > width) ? (width - box.x) : (box.width + addition * 2);
		box.height = (box.y + box.height + addition * 2) > height ? (height - box.y) : (box.height + addition * 2);
		return box;
	}

	std::vector<cv::Rect> get_detected(const cv::Mat& output, float threshold) {
		cv::Mat text_mask = cv::Mat::zeros(height, width, CV_32F);
		std::vector<cv::Mat> maps;
		cv::split(output, maps);
		cv::Mat proba_map = maps[0];

		cv::threshold(proba_map, text_mask, threshold, 1.0f, cv::THRESH_BINARY);
		cv::multiply(text_mask, 255, text_mask);
		text_mask.convertTo(text_mask, CV_8U);

		std::vector<std::vector<cv::Point>> contours;
		cv::findContours(text_mask, contours, cv::RETR_EXTERNAL, cv::CHAIN_APPROX_SIMPLE);
		std::vector<cv::Rect> boxes;

		for (int index = 0; index < contours.size(); ++index) {
			cv::Rect box = expand_box(cv::boundingRect(contours[index]));
			boxes.push_back(box);
		}

		return boxes;
	}
};

> // Satrn_small

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// SATRN_small
```

Author: Ok, cool
